CONSTANTIN: you have been cursed with having a happy child in a place where everything dies
you promised yourself they will never be in need and they will never feel afraid
(like you are) and you kept that promise.
and you hate it. something is very wrong with your child and everyone but them
knows this the people say "are they alright?" with their teeth and claws bare,
pure black in the absence of light, and you have to say “of course not!”
and you turn to them and say “stop it, you broken little monster!”
and they say "i'm not!", and they mean it, so no threats or screams of yours can
make them stop it you can't apologize for it - after all, nothing is wrong, of
course not so you sneak in their bedroom at night to whisper
“gxd knows i want you to be happy” and you do mean it and you really don't
you know that the longer you wait, the more dangerous it becomes.
you know what happens to defective children.
they die. and the ones still alive, you wish they were gone, no longer burdened
by their deviancy
so you do what all loving parents would do when you squeeze their hand tight in
yours, lilac circles blooming, their filth ready to break the skin and leave
their body so that they will be happy again
but you catch their confused gaze and realize
this happiness is not yours to take.
you take all the words that can name their brokenness instead,
childproof the mother tongue, just not to alarm any more hounds that are ready
to pounce at the sound of it
you have to take it away to keep them safe.
but they
are dying
anyway